everyone read America Valley Ridge and
today purpose is to teach you guys about
your country's history and the legacy
and the birthright of freedom that we
inherit by being American citizens I
think it's very important to have a good
foundation of knowledge and have a good
foundation of what this country was
founded on the principles that it was
founded on and learn it and start
dealing and learning and truth rather
than conjecture a lot of people have
asked me what books should I start
reading you know where can I get a good
foundation and what can I do and I get a
lot of this stuff as academic and trust
me I've waited through quite a few books
that were very tedious but good
information so try to give you guys some
books and give you some recommendations
that'll really help you we're gonna move
forward as a country and by move forward
I mean limit government and expand
personal freedom we need to know where
we came from when you know those
principles the rule of law what the
purpose the Constitution is what did our
founders debate what issues did they
agree on and what did they disagree on
these are all very important questions
there's a couple books that I really
want to advocate that you all read that
way when you're talking with people and
trying to inform them you've got good
ammunition no pun intended but we've got
to learn how to how to fight it mentally
as well as physically and spiritually so
let's start with a couple of book
recommendations that I have for you guys
guys one of the best books that I've
read on a very simple it's a very simple
book to read it's easy to do there it's
it's organized according to themes it's
called the five thousand year late bike
Leone Scout this book is a very good one
to start with and it's not tedious it's
easy to read it's organized into themes
each one is on there and it provides a
huge bibliography and not only the
themes in this book are good it reads
very easily but the value of this book
is at the end of it with the
bibliography the author states a lot of
different things in there a lot of
different books that you can do so from
this bibliography you can expand your
studies but this is a good book to start
with it's a good read to begin and begin
your journey the next book guys is which
is the Federalist Papers okay this is
this was written by James Madison
Alexander Hamilton and John J they all
read wrote a collection of essays it's
like 85 or 86 essays and each one deals
with
different topic what I like about this
book is that this is the justification
for the Constitution by the early
Federalists the ones that want the
Constitution and they provide their
arguments for and against the
anti-federalists but this is a good book
to show what the original intent of the
meaning and the Constitution is there's
no conjecture here this was written by
the guys that were arguing in favor of
the Constitution and James Madison is
considered the father of the
Constitution so there's no speculation
in this book like the left likes to have
out there today this is their very words
and they're very arguments for the
Constitution and it's not for more
powerful government it's for limited
government according to very strict
principles I will let you read this for
yourself in regards to the Federalist
Papers this is the opposite side of the
spectrum the anti-federalists these are
the people that opposed the adoption of
the Constitution because they feared
that the Constitution would bring about
a tyrannical government so this is a
collection of essays by many different
people guys like Patrick Henry guys that
were anti Ferris and Thomas Jefferson
early on but he didn't write in here but
I'm just giving you example of who
anti-federalists were but this book
provides arguments against the
Federalists or fears that the government
would become more tyrannical read this
this is one of my favorite books ever
written or a collection of essays ever
written the Anti Federalist Papers if
you're going to read the Federalist you
gotta read the anti-federalist and
really guys I'd really be interested in
your thoughts on who had more who had
more strong arguments the last book that
will really get you started on things as
this book here it was written by thomas
dilorenzo called Hamilton's curse you
know so often in today's society we hear
liberal conservative you know we hear
Republican Democrat not that these
labels mean anything anymore but you're
gonna find at the beginning of this
country had had a lot of similar things
and a lot of dichotomous thoughts
Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson
we're about as opposite politically as
you can imagine and they hated each
other they hated each other big time but
read this book very good findings in
here good evidence good information just
a very good book to help better your
studies well everyone those are some
book recommendations
just to get you started there are many
other books out there that you can read
but this will give you a good basis and
it should keep you occupied for a little
while
very good I write notes and all my books
just not trying to tell you guys how to
study but sorry the teachers coming out
to get them you found the information
this video helpful subscribe to me and
follow on facebook link is in the
description box below links to all these
books are also down in the description
box if you want to get trained with your
firearm come on out to Valley Ridge we'd
love to meet you and teach you how to
protect yourself your loved ones as read
Henner to valor edge remember this the
lessons that we learn are it on the
tombstones of others we'll see you on
the ridge